Post Graduate Affairs

The PG section has grown a lot with the institute currently offering MS, M.Tech, M.Sc, and PhD degrees, with some M.Sc. and M.Tech courses beginning only the previous year. Being more experienced, PG students also become fundamental in the process of creating a more hands-on culture in the institute and some often offer guidance by assisting some professors in their undergrad courses. Even so, most of the PG students are usually working in labs and are always approachable and offer guidance to any undergrad who is interested in further studies.

Secretary, Post Graduate (SPG) Affairs is unique in itself as the secretary represents the welfare of the whole of the PG student community in all regards: academic, cultural, technical, sports and hostel too, except for research, which is dedicatedly handled by the Secretary, Research Affairs. SPG gives important advice and feedback from the PG students and hence plays an integral, indispensable role in the proper functioning of SAC. 

The institute, in collaboration with the SGP and SRA, organizes seminars, talks, institute colloquium, etc which form an essential part of the day-to-day activities for PG scholars. Research Scholar’s Day, like in other esteemed institutes, is also celebrated at IIT Palakkad, under the management of SGP. The secretary also works closely with the Associate Dean (Academics, PG) and Dean (Students) to provide better guidance and infrastructure to the post-graduates. The mail id for the Associate Dean (Academics, PG) is as follows :

Associate Dean (Academics, PG): adpg@iitpkd.ac.in
Dean (Students): deanstudents@iitpkd.ac.in

Post Graduate Affairs Secretary : Sam Narayanan Subudhi
   Email: sec_pg@smail.iitpkd.ac.in


Research Affairs

With our institute ever-evolving, we have seen tremendous growth in the quantity and quality of research that takes place. This also means constantly working on getting state-of-the-art research equipment to better facilitate the budding researchers of the future. In line with the growing needs of the research community, the institute instigated the Research Affairs Secretary post in October 2020. 

The post is currently being held by the former PG Affairs Secretary, Ms Aiswarya Pradeepkumar, who is currently pursuing her PhD in Philosophy. And as the name of the post goes, the secretary will cater to all the needs and problems faced by the research students and bring it up to the institute’s attention alongside offering possible solutions to the problems as may have been suggested by the research community. 

The secretary also works closely with the Dean, Academic Research to provide better guidance and infrastructure to the post-graduates. The mail id for the Dean, Academic Research is as follows :

Dean, Academic Research: deanresearch@iitpkd.ac.in

Research Affair Secretary :   Ritik Manish Mehta
     Email: sec_ra@smail.iitpkd.ac.in